Your husband is leaving soon.
You are not obedient
The shopkeeper?
Why is this good restaurant closed?
Don't mention that my restaurant was doing well
But a new restaurant just opened some time ago
Took all my business away
It's Hanhai Restaurant opposite.
The shopkeeper of Hanhai Restaurant is not as good as this
You cash out your store for me.
You want to buy my restaurant?
Are you sure about that?
But my restaurant doesn't make money
As long as you are willing to sell it
I'll take it.
As for whether to make money or not?
I naturally have a way to do it
I see you are also an honest person
100 taels of silver
How about I sell you my restaurant?
Shopkeeper Tang's
Why don't you sell him to me at Hanhai Restaurant?